# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
bidict==0.23.1
    # via python-socketio
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
boltons==25.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
bracex==2.6
    # via wcmatch
brotli==1.1.0
    # via geventhttpclient
bump-my-version==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cbor2==5.6.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   bump-my-version
    #   flask
    #   rich-click
configargparse==1.7.1
    # via
    #   locust
    #   locust-cloud
coverage==7.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
django==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-axes
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-silk
    #   django-solo
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   maykin-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-admin-index==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-jsonform==2.23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-redis==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-rosetta==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-silk==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-webtest==1.9.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   drf-spectacular
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
face==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==37.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flask==3.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-login
    #   locust
flask-cors==6.0.1
    # via locust
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via locust
freezegun==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
gevent==25.5.1
    # via
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   locust
    #   locust-cloud
geventhttpclient==2.3.4
    # via locust
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
glom==24.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
gprof2dot==2025.4.14
    # via django-silk
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via gevent
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via bump-my-version
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
josepy==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
locust==2.37.14
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
locust-cloud==1.26.3
    # via locust
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
maykin-2fa==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
maykin-common==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via locust
packaging==25.0
    # via sphinx
phonenumberslite==8.13.55
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via locust-cloud
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via questionary
psutil==7.0.0
    # via locust
psycopg==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   bump-my-version
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via bump-my-version
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyinstrument==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   qrcode
pyquery==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-engineio==4.12.2
    # via
    #   locust-cloud
    #   python-socketio
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-ipware
python-socketio==5.13.0
    # via locust-cloud
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via locust
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
questionary==2.1.0
    # via bump-my-version
redis==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
    #   locust
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   python-socketio
    #   sphinx
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   bump-my-version
    #   rich-click
rich-click==1.8.9
    # via bump-my-version
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
sentry-sdk==2.33.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   locust
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
simple-websocket==1.1.0
    # via python-engineio
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-silk
tblib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via bump-my-version
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   qrcode
    #   referencing
    #   rich-click
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcmatch==10.1
    # via bump-my-version
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via python-socketio
webtest==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-login
    #   locust
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via simple-websocket
zope-event==5.1
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via gevent
